README.md, before:

Old Fashioned
===

Background
--
I've just started a new job at an agency and I've been looking around at different starter themes for WordPress. I need something that works for me and effectively allows me to cut down on my dev time and does things that I would normally do anyways.


What I'm thinking of doing
---
- Forking _s by Automattic. It is basic, doesn't really do anything funny, and just works. I'm probably not opinionated enough to do my own markup yet.
- Introduce sass - with bourbon and neat as submodules - bourbon has awesome mixins, and neat has a grid framework that will make responsive stuff totes awes.
- Using http://typeplate.com/ for typography-related things.
- Maybe including font-awesome (http://fortawesome.github.io/). 
- Modifying the markup in _s to allow for responsive breakpoints and mixing neat in.
- Adding a few templates - a ton of the designs that I've seen coming through, for instance, require an image grid. 
- Using composer to include advanced custom fields and maybe a few other nice-to-haves.
- Eventually maybe introducing coffeescript. Nothing is too insane with what we're working on to do with javascript, so this 
might not ever happen. 

What I want to focus on
--
- Making sure our build process becomes faster and therefore making a case my boss that using ThemeForest themes for everything 
isn't the best solution in the world
- Having theme options for minor layout changes.

What I want to not happen.
--
- Not having options for theme colours or logos or unenecessary things. I hate theme options. 
- Not having shortcodes. Shortcodes are evil. Well, maybe not. But I don't like shortcodes. 
- Not creating some rockstar theme that does everything. I want to build something that works well in an agency context.
- Not making this the most undeniably hipster-new-tech theme ever. Focus on getting things done. 

Deployment
--
It would be totes awes to have an auto-minifcation gem or script in here as well as something that auto-compiled scss. I'm shite - at ruby, so I might take initiative to learn something here as I'm not a fan of the php stuff available for SCSS.



Conventions I'd like to follow
--
- BEM - to a degree. I'm probably going to mess this up the first time, but I think it should be best practice. A drop in library for different components or aspects of the site would be awesome
- Others TBD


Notes
--
- We do a ton of stuff for music-related jobs, so there's probably going to be a bit of focus around that.

Commit message:

Update readme with moar conventions and a todo list

README.md, after:

Old Fashioned
===

Background
---
I've just started a new job at an agency and I've been looking around at different starter themes for WordPress. I need something that works for me and effectively allows me to cut down on my dev time and does things that I would normally do anyways.


What I'm thinking of doing
---
- Forking _s by Automattic. It is basic, doesn't really do anything funny, and just works. I'm probably not opinionated enough to do my own markup yet.
- Introduce sass - with bourbon and neat as submodules - bourbon has awesome mixins, and neat has a grid framework that will make responsive stuff totes awes.
- Using http://typeplate.com/ for typography-related things.
- Maybe including font-awesome (http://fortawesome.github.io/). 
- Modifying the markup in _s to allow for responsive breakpoints and mixing neat in.
- Adding a few templates - a ton of the designs that I've seen coming through, for instance, require an image grid. 
- Using composer to include advanced custom fields and maybe a few other nice-to-haves.
- Eventually maybe introducing coffeescript. Nothing is too insane with what we're working on to do with javascript, so this 
might not ever happen. 

What I want to focus on
---
- Making sure our build process becomes faster and therefore making a case my boss that using ThemeForest themes for everything 
isn't the best solution in the world
- Having theme options for minor layout changes.

What I want to not happen.
---
- Not having options for theme colours or logos or unenecessary things. I hate theme options. 
- Not having shortcodes. Shortcodes are evil. Well, maybe not. But I don't like shortcodes. 
- Not creating some rockstar theme that does everything. I want to build something that works well in an agency context.
- Not making this the most undeniably hipster-new-tech theme ever. Focus on getting things done. 

Deployment
---
It would be totes awes to have an auto-minifcation gem or script in here as well as something that auto-compiled scss. I'm shite - at ruby, so I might take initiative to learn something here as I'm not a fan of the php stuff available for SCSS.



Conventions I'd like to follow
---
- BEM - to a degree. I'm probably going to mess this up the first time, but I think it should be best practice. A drop in library for different components or aspects of the site would be awesome
- https://github.com/csswizardry/CSS-Guidelines - should be followed. I think I'll add some hooks in here and there.


Notes
---
- We do a ton of stuff for music-related jobs, so there's probably going to be a bit of focus around that.



Todo
---
- Add in Sass mixins as submodules - bourbon and neat.
- Remove Automattic-specific things - like Jetpack and WP.com references
- Remove CSS
